feat: cmake -DOFFLINE=TRUE for offline builds (#1341)
ccache/ccache: CMakeLists.txt

#
# Third party
#

> option(OFFLINE "Do not download anything from the internet" OFF)

Reviewer: Maybe default to `FETCHCONTENT_FULLY_DISCONNECTED`?
```suggestion
option(OFFLINE "Do not download anything from the internet" ${FETCHCONTENT_FULLY_DISCONNECTED})
```

or even omit this and use and document `FETCHCONTENT_FULLY_DISCONNECTED` instead as you are already using `FetchContent`
